---
title: 'The Barniga Crew'
date: '2023-02-24'
image: '/images/week1.gif'
---
Starting a new semester can be both exciting and nerve-wracking. We started fresh with new classes, new professors, and new classmates. Knowing that the classes for this semester would be mostly face-to-face, we had mixed feelings regarding the start of the 2nd semester.
In this blog, we will  share our experiences and feelings about our 1st week in the 2nd semester.

1. Attending classes:
It was required to attend our classes face-to-face but we were still adjusting from the online setting last semester. Each day we would contemplate about going to school or not. During the 1st week of class, some professors held classes while some did not, so during this time we would have to wait for emails from the professors to know if they would hold classes or not. In some cases, we went to campus just to be ready in case there would be a sudden update from the professors.
2. Classes:
Classes during the 1st week of the semester were almost all the same. The professors would introduce themselves followed up by the students and then the introduction of the course. The syllabus and ground rules would be discussed and some important dates would be given. This is mainly the same thing in every class. WIth some exceptions where the professor started to discuss the lesson during the following meetings.
3. Boarding House (BH) events
Before the semester started, Akhyra moved into the “Barriga Crib" (We named our boarding house after a classmate called it this way). We had a lot of fun talking and sharing our different experiences. We would often talk about anything that we saw on social media and then sometimes rant about the classes had. We would often joke about not going and attending GE classes this week because we know it would be mostly just introductions. But it was just for funs and laughs, and we end up attending it regardless.
4. VALORANT!!!!
For this week we somewhat had a routine, we attended classes in the morning then when all classes were finished we would go back to the boardinghouse and play one game of Valorant before resting for 1hr – 30 mins. After resting we would attend our afternoon classes, and right after the afternoon classes finished we would go back to the boardinghouse and play Valorant again. The Night Market, an event in Valorant that let us buy discounted skins, was also open this week. We were excited to see which skin will be available for us. Both Akhyra and Marfred hated their night market because we were given duducaca skins but Rhys, on the other hand, was very lucky with his night market, he received a vandal gaia skin.

In conclusion, this week was fun despite classes having started already. Our chill days have come to a close as the semester has officially started.
